feat: add web-modeler only setup (#657)
camunda/camunda-platform: docker-compose/camunda-8.6/README.md

> :information_source: Docker 20.10.16+ is required.

> > :information_source: The Web Modeler service names have changed with 8.6.0-alpha2. If you still have old services running from the previous setup, run `docker compose stop modeler-webapp modeler-restapi modeler-websockets` additionally when tearing down the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :information_source: The Web Modeler service names have changed with `8.6.0-alpha2`. Run `docker compose stop modeler-webapp modeler-restapi modeler-websockets` when upgrading from a previous version to stop the old services.
```

- Elasticsearch
- Keycloak
- PostgreSQL

> - Web Modeler

Reviewer: ❓ Should we mention the individual Web Modeler components here?

## Web Modeler Self-Managed

> > :information_source: Web Modeler is currently restricted to five collaborators per project. Read more about the restriction [here](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/modeler/web-modeler/collaboration/).

Author: I could update this later when I can point to other documentation spots about the license change.

Reviewer: Let's add this to a follow-up issue so that we don't forget about adjusting this

> > :information_source: Web Modeler Self-Managed images with version <8.6.0-alpha2 are available to Camunda enterprise customers only. Follow the instructions in the root folder [README](../../README.md) to set up the environment for these versions.

Reviewer: ❓ Do we really need this paragraph? Instead, we could highlight the limitations regarding the license key.

Author: We should have a paragraph for users who still want to set up the old images and I want to redirect them to the right place. But I should still show the limitations of the developer license. I will add that

Reviewer: For my understanding: Why would you try to set up the old images with the `8.6` version of the docker-compose files?

Author: I rather thought: someone now wants to set up 8.5 in general but is still in the 8.6 folder and just changes the values in the `.env`. But I think this is not likely. Instead they would switch folder or branch. I will remove the part.

> Web Modeler can be run standalone with only Identity and Keycloak as dependencies.

Reviewer: ❓ Should we also mention postgresql here?

Issue the following commands to only start Web Modeler and its dependencies:

```

> docker compose --profile web-modeler-only up -d

Reviewer: ❓ Would it make sense to name the profiles after their use cases? Eg. instead of `web-modeler-only` we could use `modeling`

Author: I think that is better! Is `full` for the full experience still a good name then?

Reviewer: > Is `full` for the full experience still a good name then?

I think `full` is fine for now 👍
